What feelings do you carry in your heart about Texas A&M?
Well, I'm just an Aggie.
I'm a full-blooded Aggie.
I went to school at the University of Texas for five years, and I've been at A&M for about 40 years, and I'm just like an Aggie.
I read the paper every day to find out how the women did in tennis and everything, and I think our athletic program is the highest right now.
I mean, every one of our sports is in the top 20, top 10, top 20.
We've got women, you know, women has really went great, and I think Texas A&M is, we're
Still on the ride, we're getting better all the time.
Every sport's getting better.
And I think getting in the Big 12 is the best thing that we ever did.
I really do.
I mean, now we've got to compete against Kansas.
We've got to compete against Colorado, you know, Nebraska, in every sport.
And that puts us on the map.
It puts Texas A&M at the top.
You either go to A&M or you got to go to Tennessee or, you know, or Harvard.
Let's quit there then.